# Bill of Lading

**Ship Date** September 13, 2021  
**Bill of Lading Number:** 21099992723  

---

## Ship From

**Example Pick Up Company**  
123 Pick Up Street  
Vancouver, BCV5K 0A4, Canada  
**Location Type:** Business without Dock or Forklift  
(123) 456-7890 (Example Pick Up Contact)  
**Pickup Hours:** 9:00AM to 5:00PM  
**SID#:** N/A  

**Special Handling:** Protect From Freeze  

---

## Ship To

**Example Delivery Company**  
123 Delivery Street  
Toronto, ONM1B 0A1, Canada  
**Location Type:** Business with Dock or Forklift  
(123) 456-7890 (Example Consignee)  
**Delivery Hours:** 8:00AM to 5:00PM  
**CID#:** N/A  

**Special Handling:** N/A  

---

## Third Party Freight Charges Bill To

**Freightera Logistics Inc.**  
408 - 55 Water Street, Office 8036  
Vancouver, BC V6B 1A1  
800-866-4870  

---

## Carrier Information

**Carrier Name:** EXAMPLE CARRIER  
**Trailer Number:**  
**Seal Number(s):**  

**Pro Number:** N/A  
**Quote#:** N/A  
**Customer PO#:** N/A  

**Freight Charges Term** (prepaid unless otherwise marked)  

- [ ] Prepaid
- [ ] Collect
- [x] 3rd Party

- [ ] Master BOL with underlying BOLs  

**Please note:** Email carrier invoices, BOL, POD, any accessorial document to <accountspayable@freightera.com>. Additional accessorials MUST be approved by Freightera Dispatch at email <dispatch@freightera.com> or call (800) 886-4870 Ext. 2.

---

## Special Instructions

- **Shipper:** Please call 15 minutes before pickup  

---

## Handling Unit

| Qty | Type  | Wt  | Hzmt | Non-Stackable? | Description     | NMFC | Class |
|-----|-------|-----|------|----------------|-----------------|------|-------|
| 1   | Pallet| 300 lb | No | No (48x40x48 in) | Example Goods |      |       |

**TOTAL WEIGHT 300 Lbs**

---

Where the rate is dependent on value, shippers are required to state specifically in writing the agreed or declared value on the property as follows:  
"The agreed or declared value of property is specifically stated by shipper to be not exceeding _______ per _______."

Received, subject to individually determined rates or contracts that have been agreed upon in writing between carrier and shipper, if applicable, otherwise to the rates, classification and rules that have been established by the carrier and are available to the shipper, on request, and to all applicable state and federal regulations.

**Note:** Liability Limitation for loss or damage in this shipment may be applicable. See 49 U.S.C. -14706(c)(1)(A) and (B).

---

This is to certify the above named materials are properly classified, packaged, marked, and labeled, and are in proper condition for transportation according to the applicable regulations of the DOT.

| Freight Loaded | Freight Counted |
|----------------|-----------------|
| By Shipper     | By Shipper      |
| By Driver      | By Driver/pallets said to contain |
|                | By Driver Pieces|

Carrier acknowledges receipt of packages and required placards. Carrier certifies emergency response information was made available and/or carrier has DOT emergency response guidebook or equivalent documentation in the vehicle. Property described above is in good order, except as noted.

**Shipper Signature**  ______________________  **Date**  ___________  
**Carrier Signature**  ______________________  **Pickup Date**  ___________
